== QBWC Multiuser

A demo Rails application featuring my own variation on the [skryl/qbwc](https://github.com/skryl/qbwc) gem.
The original was designed for a single Quickbooks user to integrate with a Rails app, but I had a case where
I needed to integrate multiple Quickbooks users (who were often connecting concurrently) with a single app.
You can peruse my modications of the gem in the lib/qbwc directory.


== Getting Started

Because this example is a Rails app, installation is straightforward:

git clone git@github.com:crestcode/qbwc_mu.git
cd qbwc_mu
bundle install
rake db:migrate
rails s

Point your browser to localhost:3000 and create a user (note: The app is currently set up for Quickbook POS
users but could easily be modified for Enterprise users). Once a user is successfully created, you will have
the option to download the .QWC file. This is the configuration file used by QB Web Connector (which you will
need to have installed on the computer with Quickbooks). Once a handshake is successfully made between Web
Connector and this app, you will be able to view a list the user's product feed items from their Quickbooks
inventory. This list will auto-update each time Web Connector reaches out (default set for every 5 minutes).

== Copyright

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 J. Michael Kasiewicz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

